TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    Welcome to App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician!
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician is owned and operated by AIK Anna Kilarska.
    These are the terms and conditions for: 
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician App (Android and iOS version - Available on Google Play, Galaxy Store and App store)
    By using the platform, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and our privacy policy. In these terms and conditions, the words "platform" and "application" refer to the App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician application, "we", "us", "our" and " App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician" refer to App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician and "user", "you" and “your" refer to you, the App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician user.
    The following terms and conditions apply to your use of the platform. This includes mobile and tablet versions, as well as any other version of App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician accessible via desktop, mobile, tablet, social media or other devices.
    PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OR OBTAINING ANY SERVICE OR INFORMATION FROM THE PLATFORM.

    1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
    By registering and using the platform, you agree to be bound by this agreement. If you do not accept the terms of this agreement, you should not use the platform and discontinue use of the service immediately. We may modify this agreement from time to time, and such modification shall be effective upon its posting on the platform. You agree to be bound by any modification to this terms and conditions when you use App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician after any such modification is posted; it is therefore important that you review this agreement regularly.
    You represent and warrant that all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful; and that your use of the platform does not violate any applicable law or regulation. App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the services to any user and change its eligibility criteria at any time. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the service and the platform is revoked in such jurisdictions.
    The platform may only be used in compliance with these terms and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
    By registering and using the platform, you represent and warrant that you have the full right, power and authority to enter into this agreement and to fully perform all of your obligations hereunder. You further represent and warrant that you are under no legal disability or contractual restriction that prevents you from entering into this agreement.

    2. ACCOUNT
    If you register on App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician, you will be required to choose a password, and you may be asked for additional information regarding your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account information, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you log out from your account at the end of each session. You may never use another user’s account without prior authorisation from App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician. App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this agreement.
    By providing App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician with your email address, you consent to our use of your email address to send you notices about the platform. We may also use your email address to send you notifications and other messages, such as changes to service features, news, and special content. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may opt-out of receiving them by sending us your withdrawal request via the contact information or by using the "unsubscribe" option in the emails. Opting out may prevent you from receiving emails about updates, news or special content. 
    Users may cancel their accounts at any time and for any reason by following the instructions on the platform or by sending us their request through our contact information. That termination will only result in the deletion of the account and the deletion of all the personal data granted to App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician.
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician reserves the right to terminate your account or your access immediately, with or without notice to you, and without liability to you, if App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician believes that you have breached any of these terms, furnished App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the platform or the service by others.

    3. DISCLAIMER
    By using the platform and the functionalities included in the platform, you accept personal responsibility for the results of the use of the platform. You agree that App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician does not guarantee the results of actions advised or not advised by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician or by the content included on the platform. App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician provides resources and content for informational and educational purposes only. You acknowledge and agree that your ultimate success or failure in using the platform and the content available on the platform will be the result of your own efforts, your particular situation and a number of other circumstances that are beyond App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician’s control.

    4. THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS.
    “Third-Party Materials” means any content, images, videos, texts or other material that is owned by a third party, such as stock images, videos and texts. Such Third-Party Materials are subject to the applicable third-party terms and licenses, and may only be used as permitted by such terms and licenses.

    5. ADVERTISING
    Through the platform, App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician may make available to users, commercial and advertising information, own or third parties in accordance with good business practices. In these cases, App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician does not endorse, guarantee or commit its responsibility for the services and / or products marketed by these third parties, since the platform serves as a channel of communication and advertising, but not as a tool for the provision of services. Consequently, it is the full responsibility of the users to access the sites that refer advertising, assuming the obligation to verify and know the terms of the services offered by third parties. The default option for displaying ads will be non-personalised. Users will have the option to accept customisation of ads.

    6. LICENSE TO USE THE PLATFORM
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the platform provided to you by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician as part of the services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the services as provided by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
    The user agrees not to use the platform and the services negligently, for fraudulent purposes or in an unlawful manner. Likewise, the user agrees not to partake in any conduct or action that could damage the image, interests or rights of the App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician platform or third parties.
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician reserves the right to terminate your access immediately, with or without notice, and without liability to you, if App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician believes that you have violated any of these terms or interfered with the use of the platform or service by others.

    7. COPYRIGHT
    All materials on App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician, including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks, images, text, columns, graphics, videos, photographs, illustrations, software and other elements are protected by copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician or by third parties that have licensed or otherwise provided their material to the platform. You acknowledge and agree that all Materials on App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician are made available for limited, non-commercial, personal use only. Except as specifically provided herein. No material may be copied, reproduced, republished, sold, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, or otherwise used for any purpose, by any person or entity, without App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician prior express written permission. You may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the material. Any unauthorised attempt to modify any material, to defeat or circumvent any security features, or to utilize App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician or any part of the material for any purpose other than its intended purposes is strictly prohibited.

    8. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT 
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician will respond to all inquiries, complaints and claims related to the alleged infringement by breach or violation of the provisions contained in Polish and international copyright and intellectual property laws and regulations. App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician respects the intellectual property of others and expects users to do the same. If you believe, in good faith, that any material provided on the App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician platform infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, please submit your request via our contact information, with the following information:  
    •	Identification of the intellectual property right that is allegedly infringed. All relevant registration numbers or a statement regarding ownership of the work should be included.
    A statement that specifically identifies the location of the infringing material, in sufficient detail so that App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician can find it on the platform.  
    •	Your name, address, telephone number and email address.
    •	A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the allegedly infringing material is not authorised by the copyright owner, or its agents, or by law.
    •	A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notification is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or authorised to act on its behalf.
    •	An electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorised to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

    9. PERSONAL DATA
    Any personal information you post or submit in connection with the use of the platform will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. Please see our privacy policy.

    10. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
    The content and information available on the platform (including, but not limited to, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, video, maps, icons or other material), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician or licensed to the App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician by third parties. For all content other than your content, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software or services obtained from or through the platform. In addition, the following activities are prohibited:
    •	Access, monitor, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, copy or otherwise exploit any content of the services, including but not limited to, using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose not in accordance with this agreement or without our express written permission.
    •	Violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on the services or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the services.
    •	Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
    •	Deep-link to any portion of the services for any purpose without our express written permission.
    •	"Frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of the services into any other platforms or service without our prior written authorisation.
    Attempt to modify, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any software programs used by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician in connection with the services.
    •	Circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content.
    Download any content unless it’s expressly made available for download by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician


    11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 
    Because of the nature of the Internet App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician provides and maintains the platform on an "as is", "as available" basis and makes no promise that use of the platform will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. We are not responsible to you if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
    Our platform may from time to time contain links to other web sites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by us. These links are provided for your convenience only and we are not responsible for the content of those platforms.
    Except as provided above we can give no other warranties, conditions or other terms, express or implied, statutory or otherwise and all such terms are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
    You will be responsible for any breach of these terms by you and if you use the platform in breach of these terms you will be liable to and will reimburse App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician for any loss or damage caused as a result.
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician will not be liable in any amount for failure to perform any obligation under this agreement if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen event beyond its reasonable control including without limitation Internet outages, communications outages, fire, flood, war or act of God.
    These terms do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer which are available to you.
    Subject as aforesaid, to the maximum extent permitted by law, App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician excludes liability for any loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect or consequential loss whether or not such arises out of any problem you notify to App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician and App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician shall have no liability to pay any money by way of compensation, including without limitation all liability in relation to:
    •	Any incorrect or inaccurate information on the platform.
    •	The infringement by any person of any Intellectual property rights of any third party caused by their use of the platform or any product or service purchased through the platform.
    •	Any loss or damage resulting from your use or the inability to use the platform or resulting from unauthorised access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control.
    •	Any loss of profit, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong.
    Any amount or kind of loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect a user's computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by persons accessing or using content from the platform or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician.
    •	All representations, warranties, conditions and other terms which but for this notice would have effect.


    12. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
    No responsibility will be accepted by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician for failed, partial or garbled computer transmissions, for any computer, telephone, cable, network, electronic or internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, availability, for the acts or omissions of any user, internet accessibility or availability or for traffic congestion or unauthorised human act, including any errors or mistakes. 

    13. INDEMNIFICATION
    You agree to defend and indemnify App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:
    •	Your breach of this agreement or the documents referenced herein.
    •	Your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
    •	Your use of the platform.

    14. CHANGES AND TERMINATION
    We may change the platform and these terms at any time, in our sole discretion and without notice to you. You are responsible for remaining knowledgeable about these terms. Your continued use of the site constitutes your acceptance of any changes to these Terms and any changes will supersede all previous versions of the terms. Unless otherwise specified herein, all changes to these Terms apply to all users take effect. Furthermore, we may terminate this agreement with you under these Terms at any time by notifying you in writing (including by email) or without any warning.

    15. ASSIGNMENT
    This agreement and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician without restriction.

    16. INTEGRATION CLAUSE
    This agreement together with the privacy policy and any other legal notices published by App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and App.ly Agriculture concerning and governs your use of the platform.

    17. DISPUTES
    The user agrees that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the platform, shall be resolved by binding arbitration between the user and App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician, provided that each party retains the right to bring an individual action in a court of competent jurisdiction.
    In the event a dispute arises in connection with the products and services offered through the platform or the breach of these terms and conditions, the parties agree to submit their dispute to arbitration resolution before a reputable arbitration organization as mutually agreed by the parties and in accordance with applicable commercial arbitration rules.
    You agree to initiate a formal dispute proceeding by sending us a communication through our contact information. App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician may choose to send you a written offer after receiving your initial communication. If we offer and send you a settlement offer and you do not accept the offer, or we are unable to resolve your dispute satisfactorily and you wish to continue with the dispute process, you must initiate the dispute resolution process before an accredited arbitration organization and file a separate Demand for Arbitration. Any award rendered by the arbitration tribunal shall be final and conclusive on the parties. 
    To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree that you will not file, join or participate in any class action lawsuit in connection with any claim, dispute or controversy that may arise in connection with your use of the platform and purchase of products posted and offered through the listings available on the platform.
    The courts of Poland shall have jurisdiction over any dispute, controversy or claim relating to App.ly Hairstylist&Beautician and its business operations. Any such dispute or controversy shall be brought and resolved in the courts of Poland.

    18. FINAL PROVISIONS
    These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of Poland and the European Union. Use of App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician platform is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions.
    Our performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of our platform or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.
    If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of these Terms at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future.
    Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

    19. CONTACT INFORMATION
    If you have questions or concerns about these terms, the products or the service, please contact us through our contact page or via the contact information below:
    App.ly Hairstylist & Beautician
    Anna Irena Kilarska anna.i.kilarska@gmail.com
